chore(overlay): shadow elements receives open when open is true in sp… (#3858)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: projects/documentation/content/migrations/2023-8-18.md

### Remove the `open` attribute from content that is meant to be overlaid.

> The `open` attribute will be addressed and the non-SWC patterns should ensure that any reflection of the property the attribute is handled internal to the element in question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `open` property will be addressed directly by the Overlay API itself. Elements wanted to to manage the visual transition from the closed to open state of the overlaid content should be handled reactively in response to that change. Management of this attribute by the parent application could prevent those transitions from occurring as expected.
```
